So the exercise was to loop through
all the properties of the suspect
objects in the suspects array and
mark them if you think you're guilty.
I'm curious to see how
you guys approached it.
So we still have this game here.
Do you want to take a step,
did you finish it?
>> Mostly I use for
each method on the array.
>> You use for each?
Could anyone use a loop?
Use loop?
>> It's a foreign like you're shown here.
>> Yeah cool we're gonna do for
nginx though.
You're ahead of the game.
All right, so walk me through it.
>> Yeah, sure.
So I just declared
a function called game loop.
So var gameLoop equals function And
the first line of that is a for
loop, for var i equals 0.
I less than games.suspects.length?
i plus plus.
>> Length, you guys had to
be my spellcheck here, okay?
>> I did the for in loops I said four
key in var game.suspects[i] first
learned that is if statement.
I didn't really know exactly
how to figure out who's guilty.
I was thinking of getting
a like the confidential object.
But for now I thought rusty was it so
I just said if game.suspects[i] and
then key because i noticed
you can't use .key here for
whatever reason that didn't work maybe
you can explain but I had to do this.
So if that all == to really rough rusty,
I just said rusty in string.
Then I would have a log,
says found one and or
return true maybe but
I just did a log there, found.
>> Can't type.
>> Yeah, and then else not this time or
something like that.
>> All right.
>> So since we have one of the things
matching that should return one,
found him in the rest next times.
>> Cool.
I like it.
How many times does this outer loop run?
I feel like I pick on the people
on the outside the most.
Actually I haven't taught
to our friend in the back.
How many times do this this loop run?
>> It runs through each entry.
>> For each what?
>> It runs for each entry in suspects.
>> Yeah, so each suspect object, right?
So in number form, two times, right?
Cool.
How many times, Does this loop run?
>> Four.
>> Yeah, and what order does it run in?
So if I was going to console.log and I'm
gonna try to do this quick, outer loop.
Then we console.log, inner loop, so
what's the first thing that I will log?
How about combat,
sorry, [LAUGH]
>> Outer loop?
>> Yep.
So it'll log outer loop.
Okay then our lawyer friend,
what's next thing that I'll log?
>> Inner loop.
>> Okay.
>> And then another inner loop.
>> Then two more inner loops.
>> Not quite, so
at this point, our first inner
loop suspect is gonna
be our very first one,
right, it's gonna be rusty orange.
So for all the keys in this object,
it's going to run it twice.
So the first one is name, right?
Next one is color and then that's it.
So then we break out of this loop and
we continue back here.
Assuming that we didn't hit this if
else statement which we would have.
That makes sense,
why it doesn't keep looping?
>> Not really, you can just probably go.
>> Yeah, sure, one more time.
So do you know what this object is?
>> Yeah, it's the first key in suspects,
I mean, rusty in orange.
>> Yeah, so, and
it's going to loop through this object.
So there are two properties
in this object, right?
There is name and then there's color.
So it's gonna loop through both of those,
and
that's all it knows
about it because i0 and
we've only made it that far so
the loop doesn't like, jump ahead.
It doesn't know that, in fact,
we're gonna ask it to loop again for
the next one, but it won't know that
until we say game.suspects at one.
See what I mean is that clarify?
Yeah, cool.
So we have outer loop,
inner loop, inner loop,
and then this corner over
here how about in the end?
What's the next thing that's going to log?
You know?
>> Outer loop?
>> Not quite sense
suspects at i is rusty.
So what's the next thing?
>> It's rusty and
it's gonna print found them?
>> Yeah, awesome.
And then what's the next
thing that's gonna run?
Next door.
What's the next log?
>> Me?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
Please.
>> You fulfill the logic
when you found roastery.
>> When you say we fulfill
the logic what does that mean?
>> Like it was equal to us so
you console log you found so
you resumed on here but then you go if.
Then you iterate again, you kind of go
through that process and catch the else.
>> Well what's the very next
thing that happens after this?
So you're right that we met a condition
for our if statement we entered
into an if block, and
then you know we're gonna move on from.
>> You probably gonna go
back to the outer loop.
Yeah.
>> And repeat the operation.
>> So console.log outer loop next And
then next,
>> Inner loop twice more.
>> Yep, we"ll do inner loop.
>> Shouldn't found them actually be after
the first inner loop, Matching the name?
Yeah, you mean like this
one should be later?
Well, I mean, there's no guaranteed but
we'll just pretend that its name just for
fun.
So then it's going to be inner loop.
What's that?
>> There's no guarantee on
the order of the propeties.
>> No we'll just pretend
>> And
then we're gonna enter into the if else.
What do you think is gonna log?
We're here.
>> Why is it running again through it?
Why does it stop after under console.log
('Found \'em !') why would it go?
>> Where did it tell it to stop?
>> Because it's just
locked it to the grids.
>> How could you tell it to stop,
do you know?
>> Break?
Break?
>> Yeah, you can break you
could return stuff like that.
Cool.
>> Wouldn't lock.
So it's just gonna be rusty again.
>> Well the color is orange, yeah,
it's gonna be the next property.
So then it'll say next time.
>> Okay.
>> That makes sense?
>> It's not rusty.
>> Yeah.
>> That has to be.
>> Yeah, cool.
You guys see where this is going and
how this flows?
Okay.
>> Can we run out once just
to see if we're right?
>> Yeah.
We need this
Just because I don't want to
run into more issues with that
game has already been conflict declared.
All right,
Okay, so, game loop.
What did I say game 23.
This is a problem.
You guys are supposed
to be my spell check.
Okay, all right, no,
I think we're ready, let's see.
So we have outer loop,
inner loop, found ' inner loop.
Should we look at it side by side maybe,
All right, let's see the outer loop,
inner loop found '.
We didn't make a mistake.
>> Let me go through inner loop again.
And then next time.
>> How do we get there?
Okay thought that's what we did, well.
And then two inner loops, next times.
>> Yeah, why don't go through all of them?
>> Was going back through
both of the properties.
>> The part we missed was the inner
loop going through multiple properties?
>> Yeah, well, the second one
we didn't finish the second one.
But yeah, I think we.
>> Inner loops is gonna run twice
>> Yeah
>> It's going through two different keys
>> Yeah, and
it's also gonna be hitting these this
Fs which will be logging as well.
Cool.